there is this  terrifying tendency  in human psychology  to justify whatever it is that makes us  abnormal and sometimes  whatever it is that makes our family  abnormal  by claiming that it's something that in  fact  secretly  we have in common  with all mankind and this is becoming  harder to see  in the era of the internet because the  internet by its nature invites us all to  stand up and  add our voice to the cacophony it  invites us all to come out and celebrate  the ways in which we're abnormal  it's normalizing abnormality and in many  ways that's a  wonderful thing  um the traits that made you feel  uncomfortable in the classroom with your  classmates  the traits that singled you out to be  bullied possibly by your own  brothers and sisters those can become  the traits  that make you in some small measure  famous here on youtube and they can be  the traits that attract a small but  significant following or even just a  friend group around you whether it's on  youtube instagram or any other platform  we live through an era where people want  to stand up and declare  as never before exactly  in what way they're abnormal and why and  they want to show that they're not  ashamed of it  but a great many of us  are  ashamed  of our abnormalities  and our way of  rationalizing it our way of even  concealing from ourselves  how abnormal we are  is by going out and trying to convince  others  that this abnormality  is a uniform aspect of the human  condition that everyone else is  suffering  how many million of us  will have to face up to the fact  that either we would make terrible  parents  or that we already are  terrible parents or  more humiliating still maybe there was a  time in our lives when we could have  been a good parent but now it is forever  past  i remember talking very seriously with  one friend of mine he was 51 years old  at the time and looking at getting  married and having a child she was  talking to them well look the baby is  born when you're 55  10 years old when you're 65  going through teenage  problems when you're around 70  are you are you sure you can do this are  you sure you're cut out for this are you  sure you're the right man for the job  now  and 10 years from now 20 years from now  and  maybe you were  20 years ago  right i remember having a very  down-to-earth conversation with a guy  who had lost one leg  in an accident  um  not just at the knee but right up at the  top of the leg his leg had been  amputated  and  completely down-to-earth way he had to  reflect he had a new wife and she wanted  to have a child or children with him  if you literally can't get up and walk  after your child just a physical  disability and it's not hereditary the  kid isn't going to inherit having only  one leg  well yeah maybe you're looking at that  in a very different way when now you  know how difficult it is for you to go  to the bathroom without someone helping  you get up and and go and you may be in  the position of helping someone else  okay now i have to look at that from a  different perspective well what if  the reason  why  you can't have a child  or you  shouldn't have a child is psychological  what if it's intellectual what if it's  emotional what if it's  ethical  and what if  it's philosophical  what if you're just committed to a view  of the world a set of opinions and  beliefs  that really disqualify you for  parenthood either because they reveal  that you're a terrible person or because  they've made you into a terrible person  with  the passage of time isn't it easier  to claim that everyone  is abnormal  in just the same way that you are isn't  it easier to claim  that everyone would make a terrible  parent instead of looking in the mirror  and really reckoning with the extent to  which  you  are abnormal  and you may be making  the right decision  by refusing to have or raise children  yourself but you're making the wrong  decision  in blaming others you're making the  wrong decision in vilifying all parents  or frankly vilifying the whole human  species  when instead what you need to do is  recognize your own position within the  species with all due humility  what you need to do is stop blaming  others  for faults that lie within  yourself now  i have been on both sides  of this kind of argument  if you've got really good eyesight  you'll notice there's a poster in the  background there related to learning the  chinese language i've sat down with  seemingly intelligent people and  explained look i just can't learn  chinese and i can't go any further with  my career in chinese asian studies  politics and easter asia because the  university system is so bad and i've had  people turn around use this kind of  argument against me like oh you're  casting aspersions on others you're  blaming others for problems when the  fault lies with you yourself that's it's  a long conversation to have my point  here is just note i realize how  insincere this can be i realize that  this can  become gaslighting in the parts of our  times  okay  um  the passion  with which anti-natalists argue against  sexual reproduction in principle  parenthood  in principle all right i am making the  claim here  that it is in the strictest sense of the  term  insane  and there's a  subtle distinction i'd just draw your  attention to  all right  i couldn't find a university and i  couldn't find a university professor  that was good enough for me  for my standards  to spend tens of thousands of dollars  and years of my life  getting a master's degree i i couldn't  find that and i'm interested in engaging  in a critique of the institution of  the university and some of you may be  sincerely interested in engaging in a  critique of the institution of marriage  a critique of the institution of  kindergarten and primary school and  parenthood in some sense  right  i'm not out here  in this bitter vicious vitriolic way  heaping scorn on other people who have  found a university that was good if who  have found a professor who have found a  phd supervisor who's good at them i'm  happy for them all right and i know  people like that whether they're right  or wrong right i'm i'm happy for them  it would be a significant step closer to  madness and a significant step closer to  the type of madness the anti-natalists  are guilty of  if i were instead arguing  that nobody anywhere can learn chinese  that nobody should learn chinese or that  you know the whole system is a giant  conspiracy it's a scam these people are  lying  that it's somehow immoral  for anyone who disagrees with me and  takes a path other than my own  even to exist  i don't know if i should make videos  like this once a year  or once a month frankly  but i think for everyone in my audience  if you just look back at the last five  years  you've known  somebody  committed to anti-natalism you've known  someone who's embraced this set of  excuses and you've watched them over  time  you've seen how it changes their opinion  of themselves  and their evaluation  of others and what i'd like to suggest  to you is  that anti-natalism is either a symptom  of madness  or leads to madness because these are  people  who would prefer  to be  insane  they would prefer  their own insanity  to taking up the fundamentally humble  and humiliating position of being happy  for others  saying oh you've decided to have kids  you're raising kids and it's going great  i'm so happy for you  and to just admit  that whatever your own reasons are for  why you couldn't have children or why  you shouldn't have children they may be  psychological they may be ethical they  may be intellectual they may be  philosophical  that those reasons don't apply to  everyone else they don't define what's  normal  or let alone universal  for human nature on planet earth they  are in fact  traits that mark you out  as abnormal  and you have to find a way forward  you have to find a way to lead a  meaningful life that contributes  positively to the rest of humanity  with that awareness  of your own  abnormality  and you guys just think that it's fine  to keep  reproducing i mean i get it if you're in  a place where there's the mouse the male  apes are like wanting to spread their  seed in the women and like society you  have no way to say no and like guys  guys are the most oppressive characters  of all because they're the ones wanting  to come inside of us  and impregnate women so they can  what keep their family line going their  shitty dna and you know what you know  who the one suffers is the women all  right so i did get a couple of people  one in email and  this post by anti-gaya  about some guy he sold  mozzard and i made some video talk about  anti-natalism  [Music]  i don't know what the hell that was  but it's disturbing in this context of  this conversation  that you would just play something like  that with video game music where you're  playing again with real critters welfare  so whatever that game was whatever that  experiment was  clearly it wasn't very nice to impose  that on those little monkeys was it  but you don't care  torture anything everything is [ __ ]  to be tortured by you  because it's entertaining somehow  [ __ ] you  you know i think our species is so  [ __ ] because people  bring people here on planet earth and  then they have to take care of  themselves for [ __ ] ever  like parents your [ __ ] your [ __ ]  to do that to somebody you expect your  kid to figure out how to take care of  itself without even asking the kid first  if he even wants to do this [ __ ]  is that going to be your excuse till  you're 65 years old you're an adult now  what is romantic and what is not is up  to you your parents may have told you  that dandelions were poisonous you're an  adult now you know better you can make  dandelion tea you can make dandelion  wine you can grow a whole garden  floating oh jeez he's talking about  dandelions now  tea  yeah  well i i just want to say uh for some  reason that always shocked people when i  said that they just never thought of it  when people ask me do you want to have  kids obviously before i had a kid i  would just say it depends on the woman  i'm with yeah because you know  when i was with my blonde ex-girlfriend  we were together for years like you know  we might as well have been married it  was that kind of close long-term  relationship  but with her  i would have never had kids i think she  would have been terrible parents and  yeah  etc it was just no so so so he rifles  through relationships right so let's get  this straight and he thinks he thinks  he's got it now so this one he's got  under control now  yeah sure  and if we really took the average human  being if i could actually make an  average human being  you probably wouldn't invite him over  for dinner  and that's the truth you would find him  fat and stupid and a lot of things  because that's what the average is  and so why are you supporting something  that on average really doesn't turn out  that well  sixty percent of the time it works  every time i didn't think she'd blame  the world for why they don't have kids  you see i i don't see that way at all i  think it's a judgment call about who you  are i didn't watch you right okay so yes  obviously so somewhere in this video  they made some statement about the fact  that  look uh you know the planet earth is  doomed uh some generation is going to be  um stuck with the liability there's  every prospect that  human beings there's no evidence that  we're doing the peaceable thing so our  we're just going to escalate the  violence and sooner or later a  generation is going to live where a  nuclear bomb goes off again  and it could be the next generation  and so i'm going to have a kid and place  him in a world where nuclear bombs are  going to start going off  because i'm a generous person  yeah  nuked uh japs you know dying of  radiation sickness  50 million people just disposed of in  the prime of their lives just disposed  of in ugly horrible ways raped to death  all kinds of horrible things happened in  the war  and and then the war of just living a  life living a grunt life in the modern  society where everything is just so  tacky so superficial so artificial our  lives have just absolutely no genuine  purpose because we're just here to screw  each other over to steal money in some  way i mean to steal value it's just  disgusting to marginalize and you're  saying there's some reason to force a  kid to play that ugly game this ugly  game should be perpetuated why would you  perpetuate this uglier game i wouldn't  impose it on a robot i wouldn't pose it  i wouldn't impose it on a horseshoe  i wouldn't impose it on anything  well except an [ __ ] like you maybe if  i could because you deserve it  so all i have to do is convince you to  understand that the only game you're  playing on this type rope is don't fall  off you're just playing the don't fall  off game there's no winning to walking  the type rope there's only winning and  not falling off not getting cancer not  getting malaria not getting humiliated  not being a fool not being an [ __ ]  not being whatever  neurotic and insane and  not being tortured in death  many times over  dying more than once these are the wings  not dying more than one time that's a  big win if i can wait oh if i can avoid  dying of five or six times that would be  excellent  that's the win idiot  so why walk the stupid type rope  you can't win all you're doing is  risking losing  a guy wrote into me oh god this is this  is an answer to a question oh wow how  cool is that  very very sincerely overwrought over the  ethical and philosophical issues raised  by the antenatalists now  over wrought  this is amazing well anyway i mean  yeah of course when you're raised by a  culture that keeps telling you it's  worth it the gold medal is worth it  everybody needs a gold medal i mean it  doesn't matter what the preposterous  thing is you got to win a gold medal so  it doesn't matter how stupid it's like  okay how many times in a row can hit  yourself in the head with your fist in  one minute yeah just find something try  to do it really really good so you can  win the gold medal  and that means somebody else didn't win  it  and he'll be all sad and  i didn't win  and that's bad but to care who cares  the game is about me me winning the game  isn't about how stupid it is to sit  there and say let's just change the name  of the [ __ ] on top of the [ __ ]  pile we have a big pile of [ __ ] let's  just  change the name we have the wrong name  is on the [ __ ] so we have to put your  name on the [ __ ] because the wrong name  is on the pile of [ __ ] the king of the  [ __ ] is the wrong king of the [ __ ] you  need to be the king of the [ __ ]  and that's all that's taking place here  and somebody figures that out and they  say okay yes i understand i've been  programmed to climb a mountain of [ __ ]  to do nothing but put a  flag in it that sinks  i mean yes this is really a stupid  program why am i playing this video game  king of the pile of [ __ ]  and yes maybe somebody will have a  little bit of cognitive distance when  they figure out that that's the that's  the game we're playing and everybody's  putting a quarter into this stupid crazy  video game like this makes sense we  should play this idiotic game  teach your kids how to play king of the  pile of [ __ ]  no  suffocate your kids at the you know  don't wait too long to do it okay but  yeah do it  oh melissa in the background she had a  period of her life where those questions  meant a lot to her  blah blah blah anecdotal  i don't think melissa had any of those  thoughtful periods frankly she couldn't  live with you if she did  she obviously can't smell  or think  i think not these same philosophical  questions but the questions raised by  child free people and anti-nationalist  people on the internet there's a reason  why this is meaningful to millions of  people it raises questions of how should  we live yeah what means something to  people again it's just so uh you know  again the world is such a pile of [ __ ] i  mean all these fake religious people all  these fake pretentious i know best i  know i know how to fix the economy i  know how to find free energy you're all  a bunch of [ __ ] idiots  the human race is an idiot  and you're a very nice example of the  idiots should we or should we not be you  know resolving a spender time raising an  infant as opposed to doing the very  small things well again this has nothing  to do with any subject i am terribly  interested about this whole thing of  whether or not people should entertain  themselves the question is should you  entertain yourself in a way in a manner  where you're subjecting risk to somebody  else if you want to entertain yourself  by throwing bricks in the air and seeing  if you can make them land on your head  then it seems to be your business so if  that's what you want to do with your  time is risk throwing bricks in the air  that'll land on your own head fine if  you're throwing bricks and they're going  to land on your  ignorant girlfriend's head that might be  questionable but the idea of throwing  bricks okay and letting the land on  anyone's head that's really none of your  right okay you want to  [ __ ] your girlfriend that might be your  business but you have no right to [ __ ]  me bastard and that's what my parents  thought they had they thought they had a  right to [ __ ] me well no they didn't  okay they were full of [ __ ] full of ego  and bravado and  nonsense that i'm going to play god and  it'll all turn out wonderfully  [ __ ] you  that's stupid  is it in fact net positive or net  negative is it something selfish that  subtracts from the world it can't be net  positive as i pointed out there's  absolutely no logical theory that gets  you to a true positive  all you can do is undo negatives so  again if you want to justify the  existence of human beings you have to  explain how they fix something that  would be broken if they didn't exist  okay we make the universe richer  you know and it lives in a better house  with no leaky roof  we don't do any of that we're not  maintenance men  we're breaking and we break things we  don't fix things  our existence we come into the world  breaking  okay broken and all we do is spend the  rest of our lives trying to glue  ourselves back together  and that's it we don't accomplish  anything we just bandage our injuries  to decide to have your own child or is  it something positive that has the world  this is not um this is not a shallower  simple question and something i know  melissa thought about a great deal  before she fell in love with me and  basically went baby crazy oh yeah she  drank lead to paint  obviously i mean obviously we should go  find out where she lived because there's  lead in the water and she's [ __ ]  [ __ ]  sorry  i'm joking around  joking around  she's really a lesbian you know  wake weak you know what that means i am  but her position her position on this is  not shallow but it is true that when she  fell in love with me she had a period of  really being baby crazy which was  interesting to see yeah it's bizarre  actually uh the guy's lost his hair  before he was like 16.  uh genetically he's tubby and  you know has good teeth but otherwise  everything else is a pile of [ __ ]  and i want to make more of those  so again  you know you don't want to make the  argument that women are kind of  irrational well frankly there's lots of  things that indicate women do have a bit  of this irrationality going on  but i really don't want to beat up on  women i mean that you know they have an  excuse in the sense of that you know  they come into the world even more  [ __ ] up than we do i mean the whole  period thing  deep without meditations and reflections  oh whatever i don't think that ever  happened i don't think you have any  evidence your girlfriend ever did  anything called thinking meditatively  never happened that's just a story you  made up  your girlfriend's obviously an idiot  look i got a sincere question on patreon  from a guy who was really uh overwrought  not just about the anti-nato's critique  about who he's french  canadian okay  it's applied to individual people  getting pregnant having babies those  decisions but in the broader ecological  world view that sort of step one is the  anti-natalist arguing that human beings  do so much damage to the world that it  would be better for the planet in an  abstract sense that human beings didn't  exist or if there were fewer and fewer  human beings ultimately leading to the  determination of the human species  that's one angle but then i think the  necessary uh kind of ethical and  intellectual corollary of that  karari  there's a word i didn't have before  let's see will i keep it karari  yeah [ __ ] it no i'm not going to keep  that one  but it never evolves from this in this  perspective is the view that all life is  similarly deeply flawed so  how ridiculous that anyone would think  that you know a machine that tortured  that could that manifest torture could  in some way be flawed and being torture  is just part of  good machine making to make something  that's torturable  why would i ever make something that  wasn't capable of being tortured i mean  being people being tortured is just so  cool  isn't it obvious  to a sadist  yes that's it to a sadist it's obvious  to everyone else it's like what are you  talking about why add torture if you  don't need it  why put it in there why make something  that's torturable when you could make  something not torturable yes much better  idea i obviously don't have a ton of  memories of being an infant but i do  remember that it was always struggling  struggling struggling struggling i mean  it wasn't just happy bliss happy baby  happy happy happy those really aren't my  memories okay i don't i don't have these  i was so happy and happy smiling smiling  laughing  that really isn't the sense the sense is  that you've got to grind this thing out  you got to fight to  make your arms move right you got to  fight to do everything it's a struggle  and you you're applauding that  and i think that's just so [ __ ]  sadistic  that's all i can say you're psychotic  you're really sick  sick in the head you know i think our  species is so [ __ ] because people  bring people here on planet earth and  then they have to take care of  themselves for [ __ ] ever  like parents your [ __ ] your [ __ ]  to do that to somebody you expect your  kid to figure out how to take care of  itself without even asking the kid first  if he even wants to do this [ __ ]  because i understand evolution that this  is a function of the  biological problem of lack of function  there were just a  parasitic  infestation on on the chemical surface  of earth  and it's just a bunch of little chemical  models  little little chemical molecules having  a a competition with each other to take  over the world and that's all that's  really happening here is it's just a  bunch of little tiny  molecules  uh you know a certain number a few  billion or trillion little design  changes and they're all struggling to be  king of the world  and the trick is is that you never can  be king of the world because as soon as  you grow enough that everybody makes you  into food and so it's really impossible  to ever take over the world so you just  constantly fight with each other about  who's winning  oh we're winning over the over the  dinosaurs but maybe the dinosaurs will  still have a comeback you know that's  all that's happening here is our little  varieties the the nature of the weapons  we use like you know for a few millennia  we use swords and then we use guns and  then we use sticks and then we use rocks  you know we just come up with little  different tools to [ __ ] each other over  for the silly victory of saying i am  king of a pile of dead bodies  when i think of babies uh happy gurgles  and giggles don't come to my mind i  think more  whiny annoying loud stinky smelly waste  of time  life for ruiner so  if you go to the gambling house all  right and you're going to play dice  and on the dice are skull and crossbows  on each dice  and  let's say they're 20-sided dice just for  fun  and so you think the odds are pretty low  no big deal but if you get two you know  snake eyes two skull and crossbones a  gun pops out of the table and shoots  your wife  you still gonna gamble  no we'll see when it's some non-thing  you know it's a thing in the non-verse  and you're just gonna pluck it out you  don't know it yet  you don't know its disposition it's  welfare you don't know its sensitivities  you know what if i found the thing that  your wife fears the most  and the worst possible kind of death now  put that on the dice  you still gonna play the game  i mean really people like to disrespect  my crew but the fact is that you know my  name and i don't know you philosophy is  about  problem solving  sometimes  the problem we need to solve  is the attitude that lurks behind an  argument  not a specific factual claim  and not a flaw  in the explicitly  stated argument  the attitude  that this youtuber in mendem is  demonstrating for you here  is an attitude that i hear from vegan  gains  again and again and again  and the attitude is that they  as people who would refuse to have a  child ever  that they are doing something  bold and brave  and defiant  whereas in fact what they're doing is  cowardly  and they're trying to justify and  normalize  their own cowardice  the assertion that everyone  everyone shares this trait with them  everyone is just as averse  to these risks these negative  consequences as they are or  anyone who doesn't share  their cowardice  must be  insane  in mendem seems to think  that it's absolutely absurd  to take this risk  to risk sudden  violent death  at a rate  of 1 in 20.  he thinks nobody  would take that gamble  if they knew what they were getting  themselves into  in world war one  of canadian soldiers who served  more than fifty thousand died  very roughly  your odds of being killed  be one in twelve  in world war ii  strangely the statistics are even more  vague i couldn't find out precisely how  many people  served in the military  perhaps  1 in 22  your odds of dying in world war ii if  you were born a citizen of poland  or shockingly  staggeringly terrible  the fate of the polish people as whole  both jewish and gentile during world war  ii  will give you  nightmares so it gets much much worse  than these statistics and  some people were cowards  some  people  were cowards  and some people found ways to struggle  and fight  that were not nearly so easy as joining  a conventional army that would at least  provide you with meals and a place to  sleep  you know some people had to fight  in much more terrible circumstances  if your position is  there is no risk worth taking  at a rate of 1 in 20 that you wouldn't  roll  the 20-sided dice and risk your own life  you are a coward  and i understand that you want to  justify that cowardice by generalizing  that cowardice by saying that all of  humanity shares this trait with you but  you're wrong  having a child  takes guts  having a child involves elements  of risk  you have to be bold enough  to endure  unspeakable suffering  not everyone should join the army not  everyone should become a combatant not  everyone  should become a parent not everyone has  what it takes and i would never attempt  to convince vegan gaines that he should  become a parent he would doubtless be a  terrible parent he is dealt with correct  in his assessment  that he should never have children  but isn't it fundamentally  humble  humiliating  to stop and reflect  that this is something  i can't do this is something you  personally can't do this is something  you're lacking but that others  should do must do  that even perhaps is a little bit heroic  when others do it that's something you  might be able to admire in others no no  no what people like in mendem must do  is justify their own ego  by vilifying more than 90 percent of the  human race by saying that everyone else  is crazy everyone else is crazy  because they don't share  this fundamental cowardice  there's a philosophically significant  contrast between this problem i've been  describing and what goes on in the minds  of newly converted atheists people  who've just made the transition  from american christianity to american  atheism in the 21st century  let me just pause to disclose i am  myself an atheist and i am not one of  these atheists who has the attitude of  whatever makes you happy like you do you  i'm not an atheist who's in favor of  spiritualism or spirituality  or continuing to celebrate christmas  just so that you can sing songs with  your extended family i am i am much more  of an extreme and uncompromising atheist  but nevertheless  i'm not interested in supporting an  atheist movement that's built on a lie  anymore that i'm interested in  supporting a religion that's built on a  lie i'm quite willing and eager  to examine the defects and disadvantages  of atheism and the attitudes atheism  brings into our lives in the same way  that i'm willing to examine the defects  of religion and the attitudes and  assumptions religions bring into our  lives all right and there is a huge  phenomenon in the 21st century searching  now on youtube i couldn't find a single  video  examining it or discussing it there  probably are videos and they're probably  very censored and hard to find within  youtube  topic for another video um  i couldn't find a single video just now  talking about  the psychological pattern of people  converting from christianity  to atheism  and then assuming and then imagining  that the most heroic thing they can do  is live a life of sensual indulgence  live a life devoted to sleeping around  or seducing other man's wives or  engaging in whatever sexual acts were  forbidden before  where suddenly they regard it as  courageous heroic and manly shall we say  to do all of the things their  grandparents would have forbidden them  to do before precisely because  their grandparents forbid them to do it  before they're incapable of recognizing  that there is a kind of heroism there is  a kind of virtue there is a kind of  self-discipline  in being a good person  in the absence of that religious  tradition their grandparents have in the  absence of the delusions their  grandparents subscribe to nevertheless  they face the same challenge  of what it means to be a good person  especially in relation to controlling  one's sexual desires or whatever other  miscellaneous desires before they  subordinated to these ridiculous  religious delusions  right  in the same way  it seems to be very easy for people to  convince themselves that there is  something heroic about anti-natalism  that there was something heroic about  refusing to take on the responsibilities  of a parent  just because their religious tradition  just because their parents and  grandparents  conditioned them  to believe that having a child that  raising a child that making those  sacrifices that taking on those  responsibilities was something  they were obliged to do  okay  in rejecting religious belief  we reject the obligation as irrational  and i would agree  that you have no obligation to any god  to be  shall we say sexually a good person  to be self-disciplined  in dealing with your desires and the  consequences of acting on those desires  for yourself and others you have no  obligation to any god you have an  obligation to yourself  you have an obligation to others  you have no obligation to any god and  you have no obligation to your parents  your grandparents  your cultural traditions that may be  outside  of religion strictly defined you have no  obligation to your ancestors stretching  back thousands of years or any of those  values in your family you have no  obligation anyone to have a child and  yet you should still be able to  recognize the type of self-discipline  the type of self-sacrifice and yes even  the type of heroism  that is required that is involved in  making the commitment to have and raise  children  when i look at people like vegan gains  when i look at people like admandom and  when i look at people who go off the  deep end after converting from  christianity to atheism and suddenly  have to indulge in sex with prostitutes  use of recreational drugs in all the  things that were forbidden to them  before all right  what i see is a kind of cowardice  what i see of course is a reckless lack  of self-discipline that they are  justifying in their own minds  as if it were courage  because for them it's an act of  rebellion  against these absent grandparents these  absent ancestors yes even  these absent gods  go talk what you like tell people then  his name because you can stand that i  suck just still spreading my name